Improve `handler()` reference docs (#9261)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/api-reference.mdx

<Since v="4.15.0" />
</p>

The `defineAction()` utility is used to define new actions from the `src/actions/index.ts` file. This accepts a [`handler()`](#handler-property) function containing the server logic to run, and an optional [`input`](#input-validator) property to validate input parameters at runtime.

```ts
export const server = {
  getGreeting: defineAction({
    input: z.object({
      name: z.string(),
    }),

>     handler: async (input, context) => {
>       return `Hello, ${input.name}!`
>     }

Reviewer: I think it's a good idea to show that context is also available, but shouldn't we update the example to include context?

This is a rough draft (I haven't taken the time to familiarize myself with Actions yet to find a better example) but maybe something like:
```suggestion
    handler: async (input, context) => {
      if (!input.name) context.redirect();
      return `Hello, ${input.name}!`
    }
```

Author: `context.redirect()` is not available on this version of context 😅 

I also thought about this, but I mainly wanted to show it exists here without muddying the example. I think the reason `context` was excluded in the initial version is that it’s mostly for pretty advanced use cases (for example it allows you to read `context.locals` if you have some middleware), so I think it’s OK not to demonstrate it — just to mention it’s existence.

Reviewer: Ah, I did say that I wasn't familiar enough with this feature. 😅 It's good for me so, no need for an overly complex example!

#### `handler()` property

> **Type:** `(input, context) => any`

Reviewer: This is a nitpicking but shouldn't we conserve the surrounding `<p>` tag? If tomorrow, a default `handler` is added having the `<p>` tag in place could encourage whoever updates the documentation to put the default in the same tag instead of adding a new line or adding another `<p>` tag for default. It's just a thought... nothing mandatory (I'm quibbling).

```suggestion
<p>

**Type:** `(input, context) => any`
</p>
```

> `defineAction()` requires a `handler()` function containing the server logic to run when the action is called. This function can return data that is automatically serialized and sent to the caller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`defineAction()` requires a `handler()` function containing the server logic to run when the action is called. This function returns data that is automatically serialized and sent to the caller.
```
Is there a reason it's only "can return"? Can it be more definitive. Or..

> When data is returned, it is automatically serialized and sent to the caller.

Author: Maybe even?

```suggestion
`defineAction()` requires a `handler()` function containing the server logic to run when the action is called. Data returned from the handler is automatically serialized and sent to the caller.
```

The `handler()` is called with user input as its first argument. If an [`input`](#input-validator) validator is set, the user input will be validated before being passed to the handler. The second argument is a `context` object containing most of Astro’s [standard endpoint context](#endpoint-context), excluding  `getActionResult()`, `callAction()`, and `redirect()`.

Return values are parsed using the [devalue library](https://github.com/Rich-Harris/devalue). This supports JSON values and instances of `Date()`, `Map()`, `Set()`, and `URL()`.

#### `input` validator

> **Type:** `ZodObject | undefined`

Reviewer: nit: Same as above... maybe i'm quibbling too much 😄 

```suggestion
<p>

**Type:** `ZodObject | undefined`
</p>
```
